for Zions sake I will not hold my peace
for Zions sake I will not hold my peace and for Jerusalem's sake I will not rest
and for Jerusalem's sake I will not rest
and for Jerusalem's sake I will not rest until her righteousness goes forth as
until her righteousness goes forth as
until her righteousness goes forth as brightness and her salvation as a lamp
brightness and her salvation as a lamp
brightness and her salvation as a lamp that burns the Gentiles shall see your
that burns the Gentiles shall see your
that burns the Gentiles shall see your righteousness and all kings your glory
righteousness and all kings your glory
righteousness and all kings your glory you shall be called by a new name which
you shall be called by a new name which
you shall be called by a new name which the mouth of the Lord will name you
the mouth of the Lord will name you
the mouth of the Lord will name you shall also be a crown of glory in the
shall also be a crown of glory in the
shall also be a crown of glory in the hand of the Lord and a royal diadem in
hand of the Lord and a royal diadem in
hand of the Lord and a royal diadem in the hand of your God you shall no longer
the hand of your God you shall no longer
the hand of your God you shall no longer be termed forsaken nor shall your land
be termed forsaken nor shall your land
be termed forsaken nor shall your land anymore be termed desolate but you shall
anymore be termed desolate but you shall
anymore be termed desolate but you shall be called Hephzibah and your land
be called Hephzibah and your land
be called Hephzibah and your land Beulah for the Lord delights in you and
Beulah for the Lord delights in you and
Beulah for the Lord delights in you and your land shall be married for as a
your land shall be married for as a
your land shall be married for as a young man marries a virgin so shall your
young man marries a virgin so shall your
young man marries a virgin so shall your sons marry you and as the bridegroom
sons marry you and as the bridegroom
sons marry you and as the bridegroom rejoices over the bride so shall your
rejoices over the bride so shall your
rejoices over the bride so shall your God rejoice over you i have set watchmen
God rejoice over you i have set watchmen
God rejoice over you i have set watchmen on your walls o Jerusalem they shall
on your walls o Jerusalem they shall
on your walls o Jerusalem they shall never hold their peace day or night you
never hold their peace day or night you
never hold their peace day or night you who make mention of the Lord do not keep
who make mention of the Lord do not keep
who make mention of the Lord do not keep silent and give him no rest till he
silent and give him no rest till he
silent and give him no rest till he establishes until he makes jerusalem a
establishes until he makes jerusalem a
establishes until he makes jerusalem a praise in the earth the Lord has sworn
praise in the earth the Lord has sworn
praise in the earth the Lord has sworn by his right hand and by the arm of his
by his right hand and by the arm of his
by his right hand and by the arm of his strength
strength
strength surely I will no longer give your grain
surely I will no longer give your grain
surely I will no longer give your grain as food for your enemies and the sons of
as food for your enemies and the sons of
as food for your enemies and the sons of the foreigner shall not drink your new
the foreigner shall not drink your new
the foreigner shall not drink your new wine for which you have labored but
wine for which you have labored but
wine for which you have labored but those who have gathered it shall eat it
those who have gathered it shall eat it
those who have gathered it shall eat it and praise the Lord those who have
and praise the Lord those who have
and praise the Lord those who have brought it together shall drink it in my
brought it together shall drink it in my
brought it together shall drink it in my holy course go through go through the
holy course go through go through the
holy course go through go through the gates prepare the way for the people
gates prepare the way for the people
gates prepare the way for the people build up build up the highway take out
build up build up the highway take out
build up build up the highway take out the stones lift up a banner for the
the stones lift up a banner for the
the stones lift up a banner for the peoples indeed the Lord has proclaimed
peoples indeed the Lord has proclaimed
peoples indeed the Lord has proclaimed to the end of the world say to the
to the end of the world say to the
to the end of the world say to the daughter of Zion surely your salvation
daughter of Zion surely your salvation
daughter of Zion surely your salvation is coming behold his reward is with him
is coming behold his reward is with him
is coming behold his reward is with him and his work before him and they shall
and his work before him and they shall
and his work before him and they shall call them the holy people the redeemed
call them the holy people the redeemed
call them the holy people the redeemed of the Lord and you shall be called
of the Lord and you shall be called
of the Lord and you shall be called sought out a City not forsaken
sought out a City not forsaken
sought out a City not forsaken you